[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well, welcome to
this edition of "Beyond Belief."
Debbie Solaris is with us, an ET
contactee, galactic historian,
and interdimensional traveler.
Debbie is a highly adept
reader of the Akashic Records
and receives downloads of
galactic historical information,
as well as universal
spiritual knowledge.
Wow, Debbie.
Wow!
How are you?
>>DEBBIE SOLARIS:
I'm doing great.
Thank you for having me back.
It's a joy to be here with you.
>>NOORY: How did the ET
contactee thing happen?
>>SOLARIS: That happened
a few years ago in 2012.
And that was an experience that
completely changed my life,
changed the whole
trajectory of who I am.
And actually, in a kind
of a roundabout way,
led to me doing what
I do today, which
is reading the Akashic
Records and talking
about galactic history.
>>NOORY: Was it unexpected for
you, or did you summon them up?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, I
didn't summon them up.
[LAUGHS] Maybe in a way, but
no, I didn't summon it at all.
It totally happened
pretty randomly.
>>NOORY: What are
elemental beings?
>>SOLARIS: Elemental beings
are nature spirits that are
associated with--
they're associated with
spiritual essence elements.
So the four elements that
are the most prevalent
are fire, air, water,
and earth, which
are the elements that make
up our physical reality.
And these are actual
beings that are
associated with these elements.
>>NOORY: You mean
you have a fire
being that runs around
and looks like a torch?
>>SOLARIS: It doesn't
look quite like a torch.
But yeah, there are
fire elementals,
and they're called salamanders.
Sometimes they look
like balls of light.
Other times they might
look like lizard-like
so just like the salamander.
And those are associated
with the fire element.
We have beings that are
associated with quite
a few different elements.
>>NOORY: What other examples
would you be able to give us?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, I can give
you quite a few actually.
I would say the biggest group
would be the Earth elementals.
So that would be beings like
gnomes and pixies and pygmies
and dryads and--
>>NOORY: Leprechauns.
>>SOLARIS: --Leprechauns.
Yeah, they fall under the
Earth elemental group.
And these are beings that
are associated with taking
care of the physical world.
So that would be the
trees and the plants
and the rocks and the
minerals and gems.
Pygmies are
associated with gems.
So these are beings
that are actually real.
A lot of people think
they're made up,
but my belief is a
lot of our mythology
and our stories
are based in truth.
And so these are beings that
people have had interactions
with for thousands of years.
>>NOORY: They either have
far fetched imaginations
or exactly what you just said,
based on some form of truth,
something happened
that these people saw.
>>SOLARIS: Exactly.
And I would say children
mostly because children,
they're higher vibrational.
So children will oftentimes
see beings like this,
and they would
interact with them.
And then they tell
their parents,
and their parents think
they're just making it up.
But these beings are real, and
they're part of our reality.
The reason why a lot of
adults don't see them
is because they do exist in the
fourth and the fifth dimension.
And so unless you're
really sensitive
and you're tuned into
those vibrations,
you're not likely to see
them unless you're really
tuning into that.
>>NOORY: Do they
let us see them,
or do we have to be
tuned up to see them?
>>SOLARIS: I believe
we have to be tuned up.
So we have to really work
on our vibrational state.
And there are ways to
connect with elementals.
I talked about this
recently in a training
I did where basically, you
can just sit down in nature
and bathe yourself
in this golden light,
so you just imagine this
golden light around you.
And you can call out to them,
and they will come and visit.
And it could be any
type of elemental.
It could be an Earth elemental.
It could be a fire or
water or air elementals.
People seem to really love
connecting with the air, which
are the fairies and the sylphs,
or the water elementals, which
are mermaids and undines.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
We've got a picture
of an elemental being.
Let's have you describe
what we're looking at.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
>>NOORY: And we've got some--
what is this, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: These are
the four elements,
and the beings that represent
each of the four elements.
So on your left there,
there's a really nice
little representation
of a gnome,
which is a representation
of an earth elemental.
>>NOORY: Looks like an elf.
>>SOLARIS: Yep.
Yeah, they are.
Elves fall into
that category too.
And those are
similar to the gnomes
that people have in the
little statues in their yards
and things like that.
But they're actually
amazing little beings
because they do take care
of our physical world.
The one that's next
to it is an example
of an undine or a mermaid, which
is part of the water elemental.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SOLARIS: So undines
take care of the water.
They care for beings
that live in the water.
So that would be our fish and
other crustaceans and beings
and even including the mammals
such as dolphins and whales.
And then we were talking
about fire elementals.
The next one beside
that to the right
is a salamander type of being
that is a representation
of a fire elemental.
And then the one on the
right is an air elemental.
So that would be
sylph or a fairy.
And a lot of people
see fairies as being
teeny tiny like Tinkerbell
or her friends in Disney,
but fairies can
come in all sizes,
so they're not
necessarily teeny tiny.
>>NOORY: Now those
four, are they the same
all the time or they change?
>>SOLARIS: They can change.
A lot of these beings
are shapeshifters.
So sometimes they're more
in their, I would say,
ethereal essence.
So they might look sparkly
like sparkly lights or an orb.
A lot of people see
orbs and that might be
a representation of elementals.
But they can oftentimes
appear more humanoid.
So they might appear to
us looking more humanoid
because that's what we can
associate with them with.
>>NOORY: Are they
always nice, benevolent?
>>SOLARIS: No, I would say
they take on whatever energy
that we're experiencing
at the moment.
So sometimes they might be
mischievous or even naughty
to a certain extent.
>>NOORY: Like the little
gnome looks like he
could be a little trickster.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, exactly.
Exactly, yeah.
I have a lot of clients,
Akashic clients,
who throughout the years have
asked me about elementals.
So I've done quite a
bit of work regarding
elemental galactic history
and where they came from.
>>NOORY: I'm not so sure I want
to go swimming with the mermaid
either.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, really?
I love mermaids.
>>NOORY: I thought they'd
keep you under water.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, they
wouldn't do that.
The mermaids are--
>>NOORY: Are you sure?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, mermaids
are very loving beings,
for the most part.
Unless you're bad to them, they
might do something naughty back.
But a lot of people
and a lot of my clients
feel a real connection
with mermaids.
>>NOORY: Are any of
those extraterrestrial?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, actually,
I would say, pretty much
all of them originated
from other star systems
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Were they just
brought here or what?
>>SOLARIS: I think there was
quite a bit of migration that
occurred throughout history.
So what I saw in
the Akashic Records
is that originally, these
elemental beings originated
from Andromeda Galaxy.
So our Milky Way was birthed
from the Andromeda Galaxy.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>SOLARIS: When the
Milky Way was created,
these beings that originated--
I call them the frequency
management group.
So they're basically
frequency beings,
so they maintain frequency.
So these beings came in
through the Antares Stargate,
and they started
settling in Lyra
because that was the first
physical reality that
was created in the Milky Way.
So there was the first physical
worlds, physical environments.
And so what these
beings did was that they
were maintaining the physical
environments of the Lyran
system.
This was the first
physical reality
we had here in the Milky Way.
And at that time, they
weren't teeny tiny.
They weren't little.
They were actually quite tall.
>>NOORY: Taller than humans?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, very much so.
They had kind of a crystalline,
humanoid body shape,
but they were very, very
tall during that time.
>>NOORY: Who coined the
phrase "elemental beings?"
>>SOLARIS: Actually, a Swiss
physician and philosopher
named Paracelsus
coined the term.
This was back in the 1600s.
So this was talked
about even back then.
>>NOORY: They must have
witnessed these in order
to coin the term?
>>SOLARIS: I think he did.
I think he was the one that--
the first person to really--
or one of the very first people
to talk about elementals.
And he really did
a lot of research.
And he was a scientist as well.
So he kind of took a
scientific approach to it.
>>NOORY: There was a
Lyran-Draconian war.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Tell me about that?
>>SOLARIS: I'll talk about it
in terms of the elementals.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, so
the elemental beings
were living in these beautiful
Lyran paradise planets
like the other beings that
lived on these planets.
And during the wars, it
depended on what planet
they were on, but the ones that
lived in Avalon, because Avalon
was the first planet that was
attacked, most of them perished.
But what I saw in the
records is that some of them
survived because they were
hiding out in the plants.
And the Lyran farmers
who were evacuated
took the plants with them.
So I know that sounds
like a crazy story,
but this was something I
downloaded from the records.
And it was like, oh,
that makes sense.
So most of the Avalon
survivors ended up
in the Pleiades and the
Hyades and Aldebaran.
So in those systems, we see
quite a few Earth elemental
beings.
We see quite a few of the
water and air elementals
in Sirius and Andromeda
constellations.
So those beings did survive
the wars, ended up mostly--
Sirius was like a hodgepodge
of a lot of different types
of elementals.
It was like "Lord of
the Rings" in Sirius.
I don't know-- it was a pretty
interesting star system.
Andromeda too had a lot
of interesting beings.
They actually had quite
a few water elementals.
So they have Andromedan
mermaids, as well as
Sirian mermaids.
So these beings they
just expanded out
into the galaxy
like humanoids did.
So when humanoids
eventually arrived,
these humanoid races
arrived on Earth,
they brought elemental
beings with them,
and that's why we have
elementals here on Earth today.
>>NOORY: Do they accept
God as their Supreme being?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, I
do believe they do.
I do believe all
benevolent races are
connected with source and
the divine intelligence
that we call God.
>>NOORY: The
mermaids themselves,
how were they created?
>>SOLARIS: My
understanding with mermaids
is they started off
as an elemental.
And just like humans they
evolved from the Lyra system
and the Andromeda galaxy too.
Quite a few of them
ended up in Sirius.
And so these beings,
a lot of them
are associated with the
star system of Sirius B.
And a lot of my clients have had
memories of swimming in water,
or having a fishtail,
or being a mermaid,
the ones that are associated
with Sirius B. These beings
actually visited Earth after a
time and they interacted with--
>>NOORY: How did they get
here, in a water bubble?
>>SOLARIS: I don't know, I
think maybe starship, maybe
a water bubble.
>>NOORY: A tank in a craft?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I don't know.
But they were
amphibious, though.
So I think they were able
to be on land for a time,
but they had to be
connected with water.
>>NOORY: They don't have legs.
>>SOLARIS: They don't.
They--
>>NOORY: Flop around.
>>SOLARIS: --they
flop around, I guess.
I don't know.
But they ended up visiting
the Dogons tribes in Africa.
So the Dogon actually,
had a lot of information
about Sirius A and B that even
scientists didn't know about
until quite a time later.
>>NOORY: Until we had
the modern telescope.
>>SOLARIS: Exactly.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: That is
an amazing story.
>>SOLARIS: That is
I have great respect
for the Dogon.
And they got a
lot of information
from these beings that
used to visit them.
And a lot of them
came from Sirius B,
and they were called the Nommo.
And the Nommo were these fish
people, as they called them.
And they weren't
beautiful-looking mermaids
like Ariel in the Disney movies.
These beings were
quite fishy looking.
But they were
intelligent beings,
and they were able to
communicate with the Dogon.
>>NOORY: When they
asked the Dogon
where they got this
information, they did this.
That's amazing.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I know.
I just love that story.
I love to learn about
races of humans or people
or tribes that still have a
connection with the star people.
The Dogon was one of them and
a lot of Native American tribes
were also very connected
with the star people.
>>NOORY: There's
so much going on,
Debbie, that we
don't know about.
>>SOLARIS: Right.
>>NOORY: Debbie, we have a
picture here of a mermaid.
How are the mermaids connected
to the ancient civilizations
of Atlantis, Pompeii,
Egypt and Lemuria?
Now, that's a mermaid.
>>SOLARIS: That's a mermaid.
>>NOORY: No legs,
just flopping around.
>>SOLARIS: That's actually
an AI depiction of a being
that a lot of
people know as Isis.
So Isis was an Egyptian goddess.
She was married to Osiris, and
she was the mother of Horus
who was the hawk-headed god
that represented the sun along
with Ra.
And she was actually
considered-- or actually
quite a bit depicted in Egyptian
art as having a fishtail.
And that's interesting
because I just
mentioned just a few minutes
ago that these aquatic beings
originated from Sirius.
And Isis was also
associated with Sirius.
She was part of
the Sirian triad,
Osiris and Horus
being the other parts.
So she's here
represented as a mermaid
because she originated
from Sirius B.
>>NOORY: They obviously can
stay outside of the water
for some period
of time, at least.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, they're
amphibian beings,
so they do have the
capacity to be out of water,
but they do have to stay
connected with water.
>>NOORY: And they were
brought here for what purpose?
>>SOLARIS: Actually,
I do believe
that Osiris and
Isis, these beings,
were actually extraterrestrial
beings from Sirius.
And they came here to
teach humans about--
>>NOORY: But they
live in the ocean.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
they do live in the--
at least, Isis did.
Osiris maybe not so much, but.
But yes, she is depicted as
a mermaid a lot of times.
And in other depictions
she has wings.
So, like I said,
they're shapeshifters.
>>NOORY: And what
was their tie-in
to Atlantis and Lemuria
and Egypt and Pompeii?
>>SOLARIS: Well, there
is a belief out there
that mermaids were
very prevalent
in these civilizations,
particularly
Atlantis and Lemuria
but also Egypt.
And they even said there
was mermaids in Pompeii.
>>NOORY: Are we
still getting reports
of mermaids from sailors?
>>SOLARIS: You know what?
I don't think--
>>NOORY: Not like we used to.
>>SOLARIS: --not
like we used to.
I think these beings they don't
interact with humans nowadays
like they used to
in ancient times.
I think because the
consciousness has shifted
and changed, and a lot of people
don't believe in them anymore.
So they pretty much stay away
unless you're super sensitive,
and you're tuned
into their frequency.
>>NOORY: Are the
elemental beings
like the mermaids from Andromeda
different from the ones
from the Sirian star system?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, I
do believe they are.
The Andromeda mermaids are
more like spirit mermaids.
They are the ones
that are depicted--
they're very beautiful.
They have the long
flowing hair that we all
associate with mermaids.
So that's where I think we get
our depiction of mermaids from.
Maybe it's more from
the Andromedan version.
The Sirian mermaids are a
little more fishy looking,
so they're not super
beautiful by Earth standards.
>>NOORY: Are they magical?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
I believe in magic, yeah.
>>NOORY: What do they do for us?
>>SOLARIS: They pretty much
maintain the water frequency.
So they have a water
management system.
So they watch out over
the water environment
and the water beings that
live within the environment.
>>NOORY: Didn't Darrel Hannah
play a mermaid in a movie?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
she did at "Splash."
Yeah, that was a great movie.
>>NOORY: With that little
sound she made [VOCALIZES]
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
I love that movie.
It was--
>>NOORY: Is that
based on reality?
>>SOLARIS: Some of
it might be, yeah.
Maybe not all of it.
>>NOORY: What fascinates
you about all this, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: I think
the thing that
fascinates me the
most about elementals
is how they interplay
with our world,
and how they're part of
the frequency management
of our physical reality.
And I also love how we're all
connected to them in some way.
I've done thousands of Akashic
readings, and many of my clients
have been very fascinated
with certain elemental beings.
And so I was able to go on a
journey in the Akashic Records
to see these beings.
And the more I found
out about them--
I mean, I wasn't
one of those kids
that grew up loving fairies--
but the more I found
out about these beings,
the more I have a great
respect and love for them.
>>NOORY: They were witnessed by
a lot of people, weren't they?
>>SOLARIS: They were, yeah.
>>NOORY: Did the people
know what they were seeing?
>>SOLARIS: I think some people
did probably in the past.
We hear of a lot of
Druidic practices
where they interacted with
these elementals quite a bit.
For instance, a lot of
people don't realize this,
but dragon beings are
also an elemental being.
Dragons are the few
elementals that--
>>NOORY: What about werewolves?
>>SOLARIS: Werewolves,
not so much.
I wouldn't consider them.
Mermaids, yes.
Phoenixes and unicorns, yes.
Dragons actually encompass
all the elements.
So they're one of those few
beings that aren't associated
just with one element.
>>NOORY: Yeah, we'll
come back a little bit
later in the program to talk
about dragons because they're
fascinating, indeed.
Now, the four elements
that you talk about,
are there any more
than the four?
>>SOLARIS: Dragons
actually encompass metal.
So we do see some metal
dragons and ice dragons.
>>NOORY: What do
you mean by metal?
>>SOLARIS: Like metal.
Like a mineral.
Like a metal dragon.
>>NOORY: Elements.
>>SOLARIS: Elements, yeah.
So any element-- dragons
are one of those few
that encompasses all of them.
>>NOORY: Are they all on
planet Earth right now?
>>SOLARIS: I think a lot of
them are in the spiritual realm,
but there are a few that are
still in the elemental realm.
So I would say yes
and no to that.
>>NOORY: Have you seen
any of these beings?
>>SOLARIS: I have in
the Akashic Records.
I have not seen them in-person.
>>NOORY: What do you
mean you've seen them
in the Akashic Records?
>>SOLARIS: I've seen
them through my journeys
connecting with the
Akashic Records.
>>NOORY: So opening
up that book, right?
>>SOLARIS: Right, yeah.
>>NOORY: What have you
seen all four of them?
>>SOLARIS: I've seen
quite a variety of them.
>>NOORY: Of the four
elements, the beings,
which one would you like
to be associated with?
>>SOLARIS: I think
I love all of them.
But, I think, if
I had to choose,
I would choose
the air elementals
because they're the
highest vibrational.
>>NOORY: We have another picture
for you to describe for us.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
>>NOORY: I love these
pictures, the artworks.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
there's Paracelsus,
a depiction of the Swiss
philosopher I was telling you
about earlier.
So this is Paracelsus who was
the first one who described
these different elementals.
And around him is depictions
of the four elements
that he talked about.
So on the upper left, we have an
example of an earth elemental,
which is a gnome.
And then on the upper right,
we have an air elemental
that is a sylph or a fairy.
>>NOORY: A fairy.
>>SOLARIS: And then,
on the bottom left,
we have the undine, which
is associated with water.
And then we have the beautiful
salamander to the bottom right.
That's a fire elemental
representation.
>>NOORY: What did
people think of this guy
during this era talking
about stuff like this?
>>SOLARIS: You know what?
>>NOORY: Did they believe him?
>>SOLARIS: I don't know.
He probably had a hard
time during that time.
These weren't concepts that were
readily accepted during the time
that he was talking about them.
But I think he
was well respected
because he was a scientist.
So he didn't just work
with elemental beings,
he also worked
within the elements.
So, I think, to a certain
extent he was probably
very well respected, but he had
some really out there ideas.
>>NOORY: Now, what are
nature spirits compared
to elemental beings?
>>SOLARIS: They're
the same thing.
>>NOORY: OK just a
different phrase?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, exactly.
>>NOORY: Do they each
have a specific role?
>>SOLARIS: Yes, they
maintain the frequency
of that particular element.
So elementals cannot
switch elements.
So once they're associated
with a certain element, that's
the element they stick with.
So if you're a fire elemental,
you're always a fire elemental.
So they're shapeshifters, but
they cannot change elements.
>>NOORY: Are they evil at all?
>>SOLARIS: No, I don't
believe they are.
I think they lean towards
the positive polarity.
>>NOORY: We'll take another look
at another picture here, Debbie.
>>SOLARIS: OK.
>>NOORY: Soon as
we make the change.
Gnomes.
>>SOLARIS: Gnomes, yeah.
Yeah, gnomes those were very
prevalent in the Pleiades
and actually here
on Earth as well.
>>NOORY: Looks like
one of Santa's helpers.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, it sure does.
Yeah, I love this image.
It reminds me of
the garden gnomes,
a lot of those little
statues like we
like to have in our gardens.
But they come in all
shapes and sizes.
Some look more plant-like,
some are large, some are small.
So elementals come in all sizes.
But gnomes particularly take
care of the earth environment.
So they're associated
with rocks and the earth
and trees and minerals and gems.
>>NOORY: He's got a
mustache bigger than I do.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, he sure does.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Let's take another
look at a different picture.
>>SOLARIS: Those are undines.
So those are the mermaids and
the water sprites and naiads.
So those beings are
associated with water,
and they take care
of the water beings.
So they take care of the
fish and other beings
that live in the ocean.
They also take
care of humans too.
The undines in particular are
very emotional, very loving,
friendly beings.
So probably some of
the stories we've
heard from sailors
interacting with these beings
were because they were trying
to help them to some extent.
>>NOORY: OK, next one.
>>SOLARIS: These beings probably
don't have as much interaction
with humans, but this is an
example of a salamander, which
is a fire elemental being.
And salamanders are
associated with fire.
So they actually taught
the Lyran humanoids
how to use fire, which the Lyran
humanoids brought to Earth.
So there's a story about
Prometheus in Greek mythology.
I sometimes wonder if he was a
Lyran humanoid visiting Earth
and bringing fire to Earth.
>>NOORY: I've caught a lot of
salamanders in my life, Debbie,
but I've never
found one like that.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, me neither.
Yeah, me neither.
But yeah, this is kind of
a stylized humanoid version
of one, for sure.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
OK, another picture.
>>SOLARIS: This is
the group that I
think a lot of people
love and that's
the fairies and the sylphs.
So these beings actually are the
guardian spirits for animals.
So you know how humans
we have guardian angels,
they're the guardian
angels for animals.
So they take care of
the animal kingdom.
And they also can
help us heal as well.
>>NOORY: Are they magical?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, totally.
Yeah.
I have great love for
the air elementals.
>>NOORY: Where do they live?
>>SOLARIS: They just
live in our environment.
So they live amongst the nature.
I think that's a
reason why a lot of us
feel very connected with
nature because we feel
a connection with these beings.
And it brings us back to
maybe past lives where we had
more interactions with them.
And some of my
clients have even had
incarnations as these beings.
>>NOORY: What are the four
royal stars of the Zodiac?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, that's a
topic I just absolutely love.
Thank you for bringing
that up, George.
I love talking about
the four royal stars.
So the four royal
stars are the stars
that are the major stars
within the elemental kingdom
but also within
our Zodiac wheel.
So they're the stars that
are in the four fixed
signs, which is water.
Water is associated
with Scorpio.
Fire is associated with Leo.
Air is associated with Aquarius.
And earth is
associated with Taurus.
So the elements are associated
also within the astronomy
and astrology.
So earth elementals
are particularly
connected with Taurus.
And the Pleiades is
located within Taurus,
which is pretty fascinating
because there was a lot of Earth
elemental beings that
came from this system,
particularly Aldebaran,
Pleiades, and Hyades.
Now, the royal star of
Aldebaran is associated
with Archangel Michael.
Water elementals are
associated with Scorpio
which is Antares, which is the
biggest star in the Scorpio
constellation.
That's associated with
Archangel Phanuel.
And we also see water
elementals associated
with Sirius and Andromeda.
Fire elementals are mainly
associated with Leo, which
Regulus is the major star.
Very connected with
archangel Raphael,
but there's also
fire elementals that
are aligned with the
constellation of Draco.
And then the last but not
least is the air elementals
that's Aquarius, which is
the star called Formalhaut
which is associated
with Archangel Gabriel.
But these beings
are also associated
with Lyra and Andromeda.
>>NOORY: Now, what is the
significance of this, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: The
significance of this is--
and this is just my galactic
historian approach to it.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SOLARIS: But
these are the stars.
So the Zodiac wheel is kind of
like the backbone of our galaxy.
So these are the stars
that I call stability stars
because they create a
stability within the Milky Way.
And when the physical reality
was created in this galaxy,
these were the stars
that were created
to hold these four elements.
>>NOORY: Who came up
with these concepts?
>>SOLARIS: I think
these were concepts that
were talked about in antiquity.
I mean, these were talked about
since the Egyptian mystery
schools and Sumeria
and even beyond.
>>NOORY: They really had some
amazing knowledge of the past,
didn't they?
>>SOLARIS: They did.
Yeah, they had amazing knowledge
of astronomy, for sure.
>>NOORY: Have any of these
elemental beings, fire, earth,
water, air ever
hurt a human being?
>>SOLARIS: Oh, they interact
with us quite a bit.
>>NOORY: Did they
ever hurt them?
>>SOLARIS: Ever hurt
them, I think if they
deserved it, yeah, sure.
I mean, like I said, they
can be mischievous at times.
But I think if they
were hurting somebody,
it was probably in
self-defense or because there
was a bigger reason to do so.
>>NOORY: I mean, where would
one find these elements?
>>SOLARIS: I would
say mainly in nature.
>>NOORY: Just go out in the
woods and look for them?
>>SOLARIS: You can just
go out in the woods
and meditate and
connect with them.
>>NOORY: Unicorns, where do
they come into this picture?
>>SOLARIS: A lot of
people love unicorns,
and unicorns have been
depicted throughout history.
I mean, it's one of those
long-standing beings
that people feel a very
deep connection with.
My understanding with
the unicorn energy
is that it originated from Lyra.
So it was a ninth
dimensional elemental being
that came from
the Lyran Stargate
and came here to Earth to assist
with the frequencies here.
These beings represent
Christ consciousness.
So they are very pure hearted.
We don't see unicorns so much
anymore because unicorns--
the consciousness has changed.
People don't believe
in them anymore.
>>NOORY: Were they
real or a myth?
>>SOLARIS: I believe
they're real.
I do believe they're real.
They just exist in a
different dimension.
>>NOORY: Remember, there
was a song about a unicorn?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah,
I think so, yeah.
>>NOORY: (SINGING) There were
green alligators and long-necked
geese...
It just went on but--
something about a unicorn.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
Yeah, unicorns have been--
you see it a lot in depictions,
I would say, particularly
in Europe.
But they've been depicted
throughout history.
So to me, it's like if you keep
seeing the same images over
and over again, I don't
believe they're made up.
I do believe they're
based in reality.
>>NOORY: You mentioned dragons
earlier in the program.
>>SOLARIS: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that what you
call salamanders or are
they separate?
>>SOLARIS: They're kind of
separate from salamanders.
Dragons are in a
category all of their own
because they encompass
all of the elements.
>>NOORY: Fire breathers.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, they're very
much connected with fire.
But there's water dragons.
There's Earth
dragons, ice dragons.
So they can encompass all
different types of elements.
>>NOORY: Do they fly?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, they do fly.
Yeah, they do have wings.
>>NOORY: What happened to them?
Where did they go?
>>SOLARIS: I think just
like other elementals they
shifted into higher dimensions.
They don't interact
with humans as much
as they used to in the past.
Lots of different
civilizations have
had depictions of dragons,
Chinese, the Celtics,
and even Mayan
civilizations they've all
had their versions of dragons.
And so to me, it's
like if you're
seeing these beings in
different civilizations,
there must be some
truth to them.
But no, dragons exist
in the higher realms.
They're still here, but they're
just not in the 3D reality.
>>NOORY: Some dragons have
been slaughtered by humans.
Why?
>>SOLARIS: I think just like
a lot of different beings,
they've been maligned just like
cats were back in the Middle
Ages or other types of beings.
And so they've been maligned
for various reasons.
I don't believe dragons
are necessarily evil.
I do think they're more
of a neutral polarity.
So they can shift polarity, I
guess, according to their whim.
But I don't know,
they might have
had their reasons for
doing harm to humans,
and humans retaliated.
So there's many reasons why they
might have been slaughtered.
>>NOORY: In the
ancients, there's
pictures of people sitting on
dragons while they were flying.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
People have had interactions
with them in the past.
They were considered
to be great teachers,
particularly in Chinese culture
but even in other cultures they
were considered to be teachers.
>>NOORY: Wasn't there a dragon
called the Komodo dragon?
>>SOLARIS: That's a lizard,
a very large lizard.
But yeah, that actually
exists in real life.
>>NOORY: Is it an
offshoot of a real dragon?
>>SOLARIS: Possibly.
Or it might have been an
offshoot of reptilian genetics,
who knows?
>>NOORY: What about the phoenix.
What is that?
>>SOLARIS: The phoenix
is an elemental
being very much associated
with the fire element.
And the phoenix represents an
energy that rebirths itself.
So a lot of mythology and a lot
of spiritual schools of thought
have phoenix representation.
So even the Egyptians
had phoenixes.
So this was a being that
consumed itself in fire
but then got reborn.
So there's a lot of Christian
belief around maybe Jesus being
a representation
of a phoenix energy
and other types of
beings that might
be connected with this
energy, maybe even
Horus in Egyptian mythology.
It's interesting because
Horus had a bird head.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, so there might
be some correlation with that.
>>NOORY: Debbie, in your client
sessions and past sessions,
were many of the clients
elementals in their past lives?
>>SOLARIS: Quite a
few of them, actually.
I wouldn't say every
single one of them,
but I've had a few
clients who have
had past lives as elemental
beings, mostly the water and air
but even some that have been
connected with the earth element
and fire element.
>>NOORY: Is this
through reincarnation?
>>SOLARIS: Yes.
I do believe that we're
multi-dimensional beings,
and we have varying levels
of existence and multiple
realities.
And some of us might
have had past lives
as animals or as
different types of beings,
not necessarily always human.
>>NOORY: We don't hear much
about the elemental beings
anymore.
They don't teach it in school.
>>SOLARIS: No,
they don't, really.
>>NOORY: Is there an
impact today at all?
>>SOLARIS: Well, I think
people have grown away
from the connection
with elementals, which
is a shame because a
lot of our history we've
had very much a closer
connection in past history
with elemental beings.
And so we've become very
disconnected from nature
and from Earth reality.
So I do think it has a negative
impact in the sense that we
don't have that deep spiritual
connection with our planet
like we used to in the past.
>>NOORY: Might you have been
an elemental in a past life?
>>SOLARIS: I wouldn't
be surprised.
>>NOORY: Of the four
what might you have been?
>>SOLARIS: I don't know.
Probably water or
air I would guess.
But I do remember past lives
in Lyra, so it's very possible.
>>NOORY: Our producer,
Tom, was a gnome.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
[LAUGHS]
No.
If he is, he's a
really cute gnome.
So thank you.
>>NOORY: How would you know
that somebody was an elemental?
>>SOLARIS: I have
clients who really embody
a lot of elemental energy.
And the way you can tell
is they're very super
sensitive, they don't
like loud noises,
or they like being in nature.
And I know that describes
probably a lot of us,
but they have a luminous quality
to their skin and their eyes.
And they might have very fluid
movements, very refined hands
and feet.
So I do have some
clients that embody
a lot of this kind of energy.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
Why is it so important for
soul evolution to reconnect
with the elemental?
>>SOLARIS: I would
say it's because we've
come here to save this planet.
So we've come here to help Earth
evolve to the fifth dimension.
And part of our evolution is
to reconnect with these beings
so that we can become the
true caretakers of the Earth
like we were supposed to.
We've become so
distracted with technology
and our day-to-day lives that
we've forgotten our connection
with the environment.
And part of our journey back
towards the fifth dimension,
because I do believe
Earth at one time
was a fifth
dimensional planet, is
to reconnect with these beings
and work alongside with them
to bring Earth
back to its glory.
>>NOORY: You're teaching
about elementals
and their galactic
history now, aren't you?
>>SOLARIS: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you've got a
trailer for your webinar
that is absolutely fantastic.
>>SOLARIS: Thank you.
Oftentimes, when doing a
galactic Akashic reading,
I will encounter clients who
have had close connections
with personal guides,
or may have even
had past lives incarnating
as elemental beings.
Yes, the beings we all
fondly know today as
fairies, gnomes, dwarves,
pixies, brownies, mermaids,
little people.
Most people associate
these beings
as being connected
to planet Earth,
but there are many elementals
that reside in other star
systems too.
The first elementals
in this galaxy
incarnated into physical form
in the Lyra constellation,
most notably in the Avyon,
Avalon, and Bila planets.
Their main role on
the Lyran planets
was to maintain the energetic
frequencies needed to sustain
the physical realities there.
Mermaids in galactic
history are mostly
associated with the
Sirius B system,
but there were also
mermaid like beings
that resided in the
Andromeda constellation
and possibly even other star
systems throughout this galaxy.
They were the keepers of
the divine feminine energies
in these systems and were known
for being adept sound frequency
healers.
>>NOORY: Who did your animation?
well done.
>>SOLARIS: Well, one
of your employees did.
So Billy Rude.
He did a phenomenal job.
>>NOORY: Great job.
Great job.
>>SOLARIS: Yeah, he
did a phenomenal job.
>>NOORY: With the
little creature
in the beginning running
around, was that a gnome?
>>SOLARIS: That was like a
gnome or a pixie or a brownie.
I think it was a
depiction of a brownie.
>>NOORY: Why did
they look so evil?
>>SOLARIS: I don't
think they look evil.
I think they just
look different.
>>NOORY: Well, that little
one looked kind of scary.
>>SOLARIS: Oh, I don't.
I think they looked cute.
Maybe that's just me but--
>>NOORY: How can people find out
more about this topic, Debbie?
>>SOLARIS: They can visit my
website debbiesolaris.com.
>>NOORY: Spell it out for us.
>>SOLARIS:
D-E-B-B-I-E-S-O-L-A-R-I-S.
And if they go to the
training page on my website,
they will be able to
purchase this webinar.
>>NOORY: What is
your next project?
>>SOLARIS: I'm working on
a galactic Akashic healing
and clearing course.
So I'm going to be
developing that this summer
and hopefully offer
it in the fall.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>SOLARIS: Thank
you for having me.
It's been great to be here.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
I mean, earlier in the program,
I said I wouldn't go swimming
with a mermaid, but after seeing
some of the great graphics,
maybe I will.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]